=My key binding strategy=

[[/index|Back to Index]]

*Command* is used for default Mac keybindings (closing applications, changing
spaces, saving, etc.)
  * System Prefernces / Keyboard / Shortcuts / Mission Control /
    Mission Control enabled and using Command-Up

*Option (Alt)* is used for HammerSpoon (hammerspoon/init.lua) and other
Application hotkeys such as iTerm

*Control* is used for tmux (tmux/tmux.conf), in particular C-Space is my prefix.
  * Hammerspoon installs application-specific hotkeys for Mail (Control-T and
    control-P). I found this works better than System Preferences / Keyboard /
    Shortcuts

*Shift* is used in conjunction with the above.

*Shift-arrows* is used to change panes, using special configuration in vim
and vifm to change either the pane within vim/vifm or tmux appropriately.

Function keys are controlled by Karabiner-Elements and HammerSpoon
Kudos: https://apple.stackexchange.com/a/249075/104604
  * System Preference / Keyboard / select "Use all F1, F2, etc keys as standard
    function keys"
  * karabiner/karabiner.json has the configuration Karabiner-Elements (editing
    Preferences doesn't seem to persist)
  * Hammerspoon (specifically hammerspoon/config/hotkeys.lua) then maps
    F7,F8,F9 to controlling Google Music

Remapping F13-15 for my Code USB KeyBoard.
  * Under System Preferences / Keyboard / Shortcuts / Display:
    * Change De/Increase display brightness from F14/F15 to F13/F14 to free up
      F15 for Mute (as marked on my Code keyboard).
  * Hammerspoon handles mapping F15 to Mute

Remapping Del and End for my Code USB KeyBoard
  * Karabiner-Elements maps these keys to F7 and F9 respectively so that
    Hammerspoon handles them.

On my Macbook Air with a Touch bar:
  * System Preferences / Keyboard / Touchbar Shows "Extended Control Strip"
  * Karabiner then maps media key events to F7-F9
  * Hammerspoon then handles F7-F9 as it would for my other keyboards

*Caps lock* is remapped to Control-Alt-Shift-Command by Karabiner-Elements when
used as a modifier with other keys, and then used as a hyper key by Hammerspoon.
When used solo, it maps to `F19`.

*fn* is remapped to F20 by Karabiner-Elements and then used to open Seal
by Hammerspoon. I don't think I can map 'fn' to modifier keys.
Kudos: http://evantravers.com/articles/2020/06/08/hammerspoon-a-better-better-hyper-key/
Note that for my Code keyboard, I use the 'fn/application' button
(lower right, to the left of 'Ctrl'). The 'SW6' dipswitch on the back
must be disabled for this to work, and the keyboard power cycled after
the switch changed.
For more on the dipswitches see:
https://support.wasdkeyboards.com/hc/en-us/articles/115009171708-Keyboard-Manuals
